Discards, tuples and out variables (#664)
dotnet/csharpstandard: standard/conversions.md

An identity conversion converts from any type to the same type. One reason this conversion exists is so that a type T or an expression of type T can be said to be convertible to T itself.

In some cases there is an identity conversion between types that are not exactly the same, but are considered equivalent. Such identity conversions exist:

- between `object` and `dynamic`.
- between tuple types with the same arity, when an identity conversion exists between each pair of corresponding element types.

> - between constructed types that are the same when replacing constituent types with identity convertible ones.

Reviewer: This last bullet is saying there's an identity conversion between `List<dynamic>` and `List<object>` etc, right?

Author: Correct. Examples would be helpful of course! I'll get there.

> - between constructed types that are the same when replacing constituent types with identity convertible ones.

Reviewer 2: Possible alternative phrasing:

```suggestion
- between constructed types built from the same generic type where there exists an identity conversion between each corresponding type argument.
```

Author: Adopted a variant of your phrasing in upcoming commit

An identity conversion converts from any type to the same type. One reason this conversion exists is so that a type T or an expression of type T can be said to be convertible to T itself.

> In some cases there is an identity conversion between types that are not exactly the same, but are considered equivalent. Such identity conversions exist:

Reviewer: I think we need to be a little more descriptive than "considered equivalent" - we're not really saying that `object` and `dynamic` are considered equivalent *in general* (there are marked differences). Considered equivalent at runtime?

Reviewer 2: The same language is used in [§10.2.2](https://github.com/dotnet/csharpstandard/blob/draft-v7/standard/conversions.md#1022-identity-conversion) Identity conversion

See #730

Author: I'm resolving it here since this PR isn't introducing the verbiage, and a separate issue has been opened.

In all cases, the rules ensure that a conversion is executed as a boxing conversion if and only if at run-time the conversion is from a value type to a reference type.

### §implicit-tuple-conversions-new-clause Implicit tuple conversions

> An implicit conversion exists from a tuple expression `E` to a tuple type `T` if `E` has the same arity as `T` and an implicit conversion exists from each element in `E` to the corresponding element type in `T`. The conversion is performed by creating an instance of `T`'s corresponding `System.ValueTuple<...>` type, and initializing each of its fields in order by evaluating the corresponding tuple element expression of `E`, converting it to the corresponding element type of `T` using the implicit conversion found, and initializing the field with the result.

Reviewer 3: There are five introduced "in order" phrases, only one has "left to right" specified. No exhaustive search done but *§11.6.2.3 Run-time evaluation of argument lists* does specify the order (left to right unsurprisingly!). Should we consistently do so?

Reviewer 4: TG2 call of 2023-02-01: Let's explicitly say the order for all phrases.

Author: Fixed all occurrences that are related to this PR in upcoming commit

> *Note*: Reference conversions, implicit or explicit, never change the value of the reference itself ([§8.2.1](types.md#821-general)), only its type; neither does it change the type or value of the object being referenced. *end note*

### §explicit-tuple-conversions Explicit tuple conversions

> An explicit conversion exists from a tuple expression `E` to a tuple type `T` if `E` has the same arity as `T` and an implicit or explicit conversion exists from each element in `E` to the corresponding element type in `T`. The conversion is performed by creating an instance of `T`'s corresonding `System.ValueTuple<...>` type, evaluating each tuple element expression of `E` in order, converting it to the corresponding element type, and initializing each corresponding field of the tuple value with the result.

Reviewer 5: Typo "corresonding".

Author: Thanks! Fixed.
